Previously on Warehouse 13...
Hello.
Customer.
I have a special
order.
So I just moved here
why on earth would you do that?
Unh. Awh.
Oh....Dude.
Claudia wait a minute.
I got the parts you ordered.
Oh, your a wonderkin.
So Claudia, it's hot in here
this is me ignoring you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh! Ahh!
Myka!
Eat shield, stabby!
Oh, hey, are you okay?
Yeah.
Here you go.
Let me help you up.
Here we go.
Okay.
Where'd you learn to handle
a sword like that?
Some girls play with Barbies,
and others
took fencing lessons.
Everybody got all their limbs?
Yeah, that's a big ten
fingers and ten toes,
good buddy.
Behold mighty Excalibur.
You snagged it.
This could have been
a lot easier
if we just swapped it out
for a fake.
Yeah, only you, Artie,
would know
it was a tacky wall decoration
in some cheesy castle
in Cardiff.
The rock, it worked?
Yes, you were right.
You know, as soon
as the blade came into contact
with the rock that was laced
with the same metal, it--
then the sword
went out of phase
and allowed it to pass
right through solid matter.
Preventing today's
pub special
from being Myka meat pie.
You realize
that's how King Arthur
pulled the sword
from the stone.
Oh, nice, Artie.
You sure know how
to take the fun
out of believing in legends.
No, no, no, some legends
can have a bit of truth to them.
So--so there was
a real Merlin the magician?
Fiction.
Knights of the Round Table?
Bedtime story.
Holy Grail?
Anyway, on your way back
I want you to check something
out for me in Italy.
That's not really
on our way back.
Yeah, but I got a ping,
so go to Milan.
Call me when you land.
I've never been to Italy.
So how'd she die?
Old age.
No identification.
But we found these
inside her body.
Those look like--
implants.
The old woman had
silicone breast implants.
I've never seen them
like this.
You know, when they weren't
on active duty.
Something else.
The woman was shouting
something before she died.
That's Russian.
You speak Russian?
Yeah, you know, some girls
played with Barbies and--
got it, got it.
What'd she say?
It means, uh...
It means, "they stole me."
I think I know
how we can I.D. her.
All surgical implants
are labeled and coded
by serial number,
so you can track them
through the doctor
and back to the patient.
Why am I not surprised
that you are the expert
on breast implants?
Some boys
played with Barbies.
Mmm.
Now these implants
were placed in the body of...
Wait a minute.
That--that can't be right.
I don't get it.
Who is that?
Anya Verdikov,
age 19.
Anya Verdikov.
Wait, wait, you know her?
Yes, she's a Russian model
in Milan for the fashion show.
Okay, well, we need to meet
with her right away.
She was reported missing
two days ago.
You think?
We have seen stranger things.
What are you saying?
Either someone
took the implants
out of Anya Verdikov
and put them in the body
of this old woman.
Or this woman
is the 19-year-old
Anya Verdikov.
♪ Warehouse 13 2x04 ♪
Age Before Beauty
Original Air Date on July 27, 2010
-- sync, corrected by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.Com --
Hello.
Hey, welcome back.
What'd you bring me from Italy?
You know it.
Hey, biscotti.
What?
Hey.
It was a long flight.
Okay, so what else
did you find out
about Anya Verdikov?
Lots.
Found out that Anya
was not the first--Claudia,
would you do the honors?
Missing fashion models.
They vanished
from different cities.
From Tokyo, Berlin,
and Paris, and London.
So since we knew
what to look for,
it wasn't hard
to find a pattern.
And after each model
disappeared,
in the same city they found
the body of a Jane Doe.
Elderly.
Yes. Very old Jane Doe.
And it seemed like
it was natural causes,
but I don't think so.
Yeah, an unidentified
old Asian woman--
Asian woman was found dead
two months ago in Paris.
Hey, same tattoo.
Same place.
Same woman.
Okay, have you ever
seen an artifact
that produces rapid aging
in a person?
I've never seen anything
that causes this.
So obviously it's not
a coincidence
that all these victims
were models, right?
All right,
so what's the plan?
Since all these attacks
happened around
the fashion industry
and since this week in
full swing in Manhattan
is Fashion Week,
two tickets to New York.
Nice.
Original Ray's pizza.
The original
original Ray's pizza
is actually
in the Warehouse.
And funny thing about that
is the mob
bought the original cheese.
You can't make a decent pie
without mob cheese.
Artie.
Okay, so the way to stop this
is to find Anya's Agent.
The Agent will tell you
where's Anya has been
and hopefully also
what she's been in touch with.
Okay, perfect.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, Artie,
what aisle is--
not a chance.
Forget it.
Yeah, I'll run an artifact
search on the mainframe,
see what might make
the beautiful people
go geezer.
Thank you.
That would be very help--
God, stop it.
Something you'd like to share
with the rest of the class,
Miss Donovan?
No.
No?
That only makes me
a little bit more curious.
Todd keeps texting me.
Oh, you know, texting.
It's what the kids
do these days
instead of going
to dinosaur races.
I know what texting is--
also iTunes
and color television.
What is a Todd?
Todd.
You know, Todd.
The guy from town,
from the hardware store.
Oh, God, what is with him?
"Want to meet for coffee?"
Give me my space!
No, no, no,
why don't you text him back?
I remember that kid.
He was...Inoffensive.
Well, strike up the band.
No, no, no, I mean,
you're not a girl anymore.
What?
You--hmm?
I just said, you know,
you're a woman.
No, well, you're a woman
because you're over 16.
I'm just saying he's a man
and men and women--
I--
if you've never--
oh, God.
I didn't mean to--
pull up, pull up, pull up.
I appreciate the advice,
but can we
just get back to work?
Best assignment ever.
Just try not to be
12 years old, okay?
There is no try.
Only do or do not.
Then do.
I'll try.
I have a quick meeting
with Michael,
and after that I'm going home.
Would you ask Sutton
if we can reschedule?
Oh, my--
Isabella Fuentes.
Oh, oh, man.
I--I love you.
No, I--I love your work.
The 2004 Swimsuit Issue,
I mean, that was like
your Sgt. Pepper's.
It was so--
thank you.
If you'll excuse me,
I'm not feeling well.
No, no, no, look, I won't take
up a whole lot of your time.
I was just curious where you
stood on dating civil servants.
You're scaring her.
Ask anyone who's made
an enemy of me, Sutton,
if they don't dearly
regret that decision.
What--
what, are we opening
a Walmart?
Call Damian, have him send
Romana another gift basket.
No food.
Miss Harris.
I'm Myka Bering.
This is Pete Lattimer.
We spoke on the phone
regarding Anya Verdikov.
Have you found her?
I told her
I would take care of her.
Do you have any idea
what happened?
Well, we were hoping
you might know.
I mean, was she acting
at all strangely?
Well, was there anyone new
that she might have come
into contact with?
No one.
She'd been staying
away from people.
Why?
Just before Milan,
Anya said she was coming
down with the flu.
If you'll excuse me,
I'm not feeling well.
It's Isabella.
Pete?
Isabella.
You're nothing
if not persistent.
You don't look so good.
Your pickup lines
are getting worse.
I need you to come with me.
I think you might be in danger.
What are you talking--
are you okay?
Isabella?
I'm sorry,
I must be getting a fever.
I've just gotta get out of here.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm burning...Up.
Pete?
Pete!
Pete, what's happening?
Get an ambulance.
It was nothing, girls.
Just some poor old woman
who took a fall.
What's the matter with you?
It just happened.
You know,
it was like a nightmare.
I-I couldn't help,
and I--
I just had to stand there
and watch, Artie.
Pete, there was nothing
you could do.
Now listen, get me the--
I mean, look, we've seen
a lot of bad juju
from these artifacts,
but man, this one--
get your head
back in the game.
Get me a sample of her blood
right away.
It could lead to whatever
artifact is causing
this aging thing.
Yeah.
They're keeping a lid
on what happened
to Isabella for us.
You okay?
Yeah, I will be
when we find this thing.
Well, I tested
her clothes and jewelry.
The artifact definitely
wasn't on her.
Well, it wouldn't be.
She probably got zapped
after a fashion show
like Anya and the others.
But why models?
What's the connection,
some hair dryer
that they're all using?
Well, Anya said,
"they stole me."
As if somebody was doing this
to them on purpose.
There are hundreds of people
behind the scenes
at these things.
And fashion week ends
in three days,
and with it goes most
of our potential suspects.
All right, so we're gonna
have to get in on the down low
and smoke out the bad guy
or girl.
That's easier said than done.
What?
Just having a thought.
Well, is it a good thought?
Well, I'm gonna say yes.
You're gonna say no.
But I'm right,
you're wrong.
Oh, hey, Miss Harris.
Look, I think I know a way
to find the person
who's doing this, okay,
but I'm gonna need your help.
Hey.
So how'd we do?
You tell me.
♪ ♪
Holy crap.
Welcome to the runway.
One day you're in,
and the next day--
yeah, yeah, we--
we get it.
Through there's backstage
where the models change
during the show.
I hope you don't find
taking your clothes off
in public.
Let me go sell you to Damian.
I just don't understand
why I had to be the model.
Well, first of all,
I don't have the legs
for a dress like that.
And a model and her manager
won't stand out.
Oh, please, nobody's gonna
believe that I'm a model.
Pete, I don't know
how to do this.
Just act like everyone's
been put on the earth
to serve you.
That's idiotic.
Just like that, perfect.
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no.
I couldn't possibly
work with a new girl.
I'm all about rapport, Sutton.
You can't have rapport
with someone fresh off the farm.
She's an
undiscovered treasure.
That's fine.
No one has even seen her yet.
Don't you want to be the first
to bring her into the sun?
Fine.
Let me see her.
I don't understand.
Is she behind the fat girl?
Trust me, Damian.
For you, Sutton, darling,
anything.
Myka Burton,
top women's fashion designer
Damian Jardin.
I'm going to have to ask you
to lay off
the milk shakes, precious.
What's this?
Oh, hey, I'm Pete Lawson.
I'm Myka's--
Personal Assistant,
does whatever I tell him.
Isn't that right?
Yes, ma'am.
Speaking of slaves,
Jenny!
Yes, Damian?
This one, new photos.
Andale!
Damian!
Let me see that dress.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Well, you are officially embedded.
Coffee?
Oh, no thanks.
I'm jittery enough as is.
No, I meant for me.
Black, no sugar.
Andale!
Right.
Go.
Hello.
Oh.
I'm Gunther.
I'm here taking pictures.
Ready to be beautiful?
Here we go.
That's right.
Beautiful.
Give me a little smile.
There you go.
Who's that?
Sutton's latest find for Damian.
Didn't we just get rid
of the last latest find?
What did Anya
ever do to you?
♪ ♪
Just so we're clear, Damian,
I burn brightest.
Little fat girls aren't gonna
sell your rags like I do.
Of course, of course.
Relax, Romana,
you'll get wrinkles.
We're not getting
any younger.
Why doesn't some thoughtful
psychopath kill her for me?
It's like a game of gay clue.
Careful, careful.
We don't need much for
a full chemical analysis.
Can you explain to me again
why I'm doing this
and you're cowering
ten feet away?
I don't like blood.
You picked
the wrong line of work.
You have no idea.
Really?
Moving on.
Gently, gently
put the needle gently
into that mass spectrometer.
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Hello.
Hey.
Let me guess. Todd.
Okay.
Um, could--
okay, bye.
Well?
I took your advice.
What advice?
I gave no advice.
I'm meeting Todd later,
cup of coffee,
slice of pie, you know?
You have a date?
No.
It's more like
a, you know, pie/coffee summit.
Fix the economy,
solve world peace.
I could cancel.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Go.
Yeah?
Okay.
Oh, Claudia.
Yeah?
You know, be yourself.
Thanks.
Oh, jeez.
Oh.
I was just looking
at your photos.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I guess I just had
too much caffeine today.
Well, you're pretty strong
for a model.
Most of these girls
get winded
just by pushing
an elevator button.
Well, I eat food.
Gunther took these, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, he did.
He's got a real eye.
Just tell him to put
a star filter next time.
It'll bring out your eyes more.
Oh, you're a photographer?
Freelance.
You're Sutton's new girl,
right?
Yes.
You're a natural.
You have a gift.
I have a gift.
Hey, how many of these things
can you drink anyway?
Oh, well,
I'm not actually drinking them.
I just like making you
go get them.
Nice.
So what'd you find?
Well, I checked a few
of the dressing rooms.
Nobody's got the picture
of Dorian Gray
hanging up for decoration.
Well, the real one's in
the Warehouse anyway.
Is that what that is?
Man, I gotta stop
looking at that.
Pete.
Right. I did find out
that Romana hated Anya.
Really?
Well, you know,
it's a tough business.
Maybe she's eliminating
the competition.
Why don't you
go distract her
so I can check
her dressing room?
But I don't know
how to distract her.
Ask her for tips
on torturing your assistant.
So what's your favorite movie?
God, I hate that.
Yeah, me too.
I mean, there's, like, eight
billion different movies, right?
I mean, you can never
pick just one.
And then am I telling you
my real favorite movie
or just randomly picking
the first movie
that pops into my head?
Godfather.
So what High School
did you go to?
What do you mean?
What High School did you go to?
Why all the questions
about my past?
It was just one question.
You made me ask it twice.
So what can I get you guys?
BLT, please.
Okay.
I would like the chili,
extra onions.
Guess no good-bye kiss,
huh?
What?
The onions.
Bad breath.
Kissing.
It's--bad joke.
Sorry.
No.
I mean, yes,
I could get it to go.
No, no, no.
Eat it later
after non-onion breath
kissing.
Not that I'm expecting kissing.
Not that I was
expecting kissing or not.
Or maybe.
I should've ordered
grilled cheese.
What am I doing here?
I'm clearly a closed book
with bad breath
who's too freakish to live,
and I gotta go.
No.
Oh!
Oh, my God.
She wants this to go.
Romana, hi there.
My name's Myka.
We met the other day
in Sutton's office.
Tell Damian it'll do.
I was just wondering
if you had any, you know,
sisterly advice.
My advice:
Spanx.
You know,
I'm always amazed
at the correlation
between being beautiful
and being a complete bitch.
Being a successful model
isn't about beauty
and it certainly
isn't about the clothes.
Well, then what's it about?
When I walk down
the runway,
with one look
I can stop a war
or start one.
I make people want something
that I have,
because when I'm out there
I tear out my soul
and I offer it
for everyone to see.
You think you can do that,
sister?
Jenny,
the schedule, please.
I'll be right there.
Booyah Buddha.
I don't suppose you gave
the same sisterly advice
to Anya.
Anya shoulda
stayed in Russia
and stuck
with what she knew--
borscht and bread lines.
Sounds to me
like you're glad she's dead.
You're very nosy.
No, I'm just curious
about the people I work with.
I wonder if the next girl
will ask
what happened to you.
It's all over, Jenny.
What are you talking about?
Is that it?
Oh, crap.
Jenny,
why are you doing it?
I'm not hurting anybody.
Then you've got a pretty
whacked-out definition
of "hurt," lady.
They can afford to pay.
Is that how Anya paid,
with her youth?
How did you kill her, Jenny?
I didn't kill Anya.
She wasn't even a customer.
A customer?
No, look, how is the Buddha
aging the models?
What are you talking about?
Diet pills.
Diet what now?
Hey, hey, hey, easy, that's...
Filled with teeny-tiny pills.
You're peddling diet pills?
They're the good ones,
not legal here yet.
I get them on the black market
for the--
you're not here about
the diet pills, are you?
Okay, look,
here's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna go home,
you're gonna call in sick,
and you're gonna stay there
until you hear from me,
or you'll be explaining that
little bobble-headed Buddha
to the DEA.
Or I can hook you up
if you let me go.
You could lose those extra
five pounds by, like, tomorrow.
I don't have
an extra five pounds.
Right.
Go!
Okay.
Myka, we're running
out of time.
I know.
I couldn't believe it
when you finally called.
Anticipation
has been interminable.
You said you found her,
the one?
Yes, she's perfect.
Oh, good, you're here.
Well, the blood sample
that Pete sent over
has got trace elements
of silver nitrate in it,
which is not commonly found
in human blood.
Ha ha, what does that mean?
I have no idea.
So what I--
how was your date?
It was perfect.
Well, good.
Good.
So as I was saying,
human blood--
actually no kind of blood--
has sil--
what?
What kind of advice
is be yourself?
Artie, that's the worst
advice I've ever heard,
because myself
is a giant freakazoid
with no past
and no real interests
outside of my top-secret job,
which I can't talk about.
Oh, and I like onions.
♪ ♪
Hey, Myka, can I come in?
Are you decent?
You know what, screw it,
I'm coming in.
Whoa.
Don't you dare laugh.
No, no,
I'm so not laughing.
Listen, I don't want you
to go out there.
I'm having
some wicked bad vibes,
and whatever, you know,
whammy's being done
to the models, maybe it's when
they're walking the runway.
Okay, so it's just--
it's too dangerous and--
okay.
What?
What, no fight,
no argument,
no punching me
in my soft spots?
No, no, I just--
I won't--
I'm not gonna go out there.
What's going on?
Well, like you said,
it's dangerous.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't ever listen to me.
Okay, I can't
because I--
I can't stop an army.
And I can't, you know,
show people my soul.
What are--
what are you talking about?
Okay, some girls
took fencing lessons, right?
And read books and studied
and became Secret Service Agents.
And that,
that out there,
that is--
That is not me.
Why not?
Um...
'Cause, you know...
I'm not the pretty one.
Who was the pretty one?
My sister.
Ah.
Tracy.
Yeah,
she's the cheerleader
and the homecoming queen.
You know,
she was the one that--
she was the one that all
the boys were crazy about.
She could do this.
All right.
Turn around.
Why?
Because if I'm going
to say this to you,
I can't say it
with you looking at me.
So just turn around.
I'll turn around.
I can't say it to the back
of your head either.
So, uh...
Myka, you are a stunningly
beautiful woman.
The day that I met you
I said,
"what, I'm not gonna be able
to work with her.
I won't be able
to stop staring at her."
But then I got to know you,
and I realized that
you're even more beautiful
than I could see.
And if that, you know,
little teen fencer
could see what a beautiful
woman that she would become,
she would know
that it's her sister
that should be jealous.
You good to go?
Oh, I am good to go.
All right, all right.
Okay, I'm going.
Wait, wait a minute.
I came here
to talk you out of it.
Myka, come here.
There you are.
Where were you, Arby's?
Andale, get out there.
Go! Go!
Okay.
♪ ♪
Hell.
She's wearing the killer dress.
Oh, Damian, you bastard.
The dress.
It's the dress.
Get your hands off me.
You switched the dresses.
Why?
It's my show.
I do what I want.
Where's my whistle?
Is that how
you're doing it, huh?
What is it, Lizzie Borden's
dress or something?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
No, you are gonna tell me
everything.
All right, all right.
I gave her the killer dress.
I knew it.
Romana and I
started out together.
We were friends.
Now she treats me
like a minion--
rude, dismissive,
snide comments about my work.
What?
Yes,
I gave my best dress
to the new girl.
And I hope it hurt,
like you've hurt me.
I did it!
I did it.
And you didn't even
need your sword.
Not bad.
I am not fat.
Give me that onstage.
That's what I want.
So nothing but dead ends
back here.
Look, there was an older
woman in the crowd out there,
rich, biggest Ruby earrings
I have ever seen,
and there was something
about the way
that she was looking at me.
Well, let's go have a look
at her, shall we?
Okay.
Wait, just--
Will it hurt?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Pete?
I'm burning up.
Oh, my God, no.
Stay with me.
Oh, no, no, no,
stay with me.
Myka.
Myka, stay with me.
Stay with me.
Myka? Myka?
Oh, my--
it's worth every penny.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Still me, Claude.
Are you in pain?
Other than a sudden desire
to hit the early bird special,
I'm fine.
What are we gonna do?
How is she?
She doesn't have much time.
Isabella died
about an hour ago
from old age, Artie.
She was 22.
Yeah.
Now what do you need
to undo this?
A sample of Myka's blood
would be--
what else?
Silver nitrate,
it's in Myka's blood too.
Exactly the same
as Isabella's.
Silver nitrate?
Yeah, it was a compound that
was used as a disinfectant
before the development
of antibiotics.
Wait, wait, wait,
it was also used
in the manufacture
of photographic film.
I was doing something.
Gus used to say--
Gus was a former
Warehouse Agent--
and he used to say
that there was a camera
that belonged to--there.
Man Ray.
I'm on it.
Give me an address.
But he's dead, he's dead.
What?
Yeah, he was a photographer
in the 1930s.
Guy shot
some wicked cool pics.
Contemporary of Salvador Dali,
except that Ray was into
photographic surrealism.
And Gus used to say
that one of Ray's last cameras
had artifact properties.
It's just we never found it.
Well, so then it's gotta
be one of the photographers.
Which brings us back
to what Claudia was doing
before Artie so rudely
took her computer.
I hacked into the fashion show
security cameras.
Now let me just get
a good angle.
There, that guy.
Check the camera.
Not exactly
state-of-the-art, right?
Right.
Now look,
he takes Myka's picture,
he walks.
Artie and Claudia:
It's him.
Can I interest you in changing
your long distance carrier?
No thanks.
Can I interest you
in staying alive, huh?
Where is it?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I said where is it?
Claudia, Man Ray's.
Jackpot.
And that is not all.
Hey, hey, hey, Myka said
there was an old lady
giving her the stink eye,
and she had on
huge Ruby earrings.
This camera doesn't just
steal people's youth.
It transfers it
to another person.
You've been peddling
a second chance at life.
How does the camera work,
huh?
How does the camera work?
Pete, lay off.
We might need this guy.
All right.
You double-expose a younger
photograph over someone older.
The process
is almost instantaneous.
Myka and the others
didn't change right away.
No, no, no, that would be
a little too public,
wouldn't it?
What you did is you figured out
how to do it later.
Something to do with
the development process, right?
Did you hear the question?
Do you doubt that my friend
wants to beat your to death?
It works retroactively
if I wait and use
the developer.
The silver nitrate.
Right?
Silver nitrate.
But why models?
I mean, why not
just snap pictures
of anonymous young people?
You ever heard the expression
"make love to the camera?"
A model has a gift.
She bares her soul,
opens up.
Manny's camera captures it,
reacts to it.
How do we turn Myka back?
Look out!
Artie!
They told me what happened.
You, young man,
have to stop playing with fire.
Yeah, close call.
I didn't need
the Phoenix this time.
I remembered to duck.
Doctors say
you're doing great.
Liar.
How are you?
I just wish I could see
my mom and dad.
They could never cope
with this.
Artie, I just want to tell you
that, um,
I know I've been
hard on you sometimes.
Don't.
Okay?
Don't--don't start that.
I'm not giving up on you.
Don't you give up.
All right, listen,
we have to find
this Ruby earring woman.
We have to take a new
photograph of her young
and superimpose it on
a photograph of old Myka.
And it might
switch her back?
Well, I'm
in his bank account.
And he hasn't touched anything
since the last deposit but--
something?
Well, he's got
a serious crush on someone.
He's had flowers delivered
from the same shop
three times this week.
Does it say to who?
No, this just lists
his transactions.
Romana.
What?
Romana had flowers
delivered to her,
and she wasn't very happy
with whoever sent them.
I'm on it,
I'm on it.
You see?
Even at 90,
you are a crack Agent.
Pete, wait.
What if you find him
and he doesn't tell you
who he sold
Myka's youth to?
Do we find someone else,
take someone else's youth?
I mean, someone bad?
He'll tell me.
Go.
Consider me an ex-fan
of man Ray.
Manny's.
What?
Perry didn't say
man Ray's camera.
He said Manny's.
So?
Romana.
Oh, Perry, you scared me
half to death.
I haven't got much time.
I need you to listen to me.
What do you want?
I think you know.
We've been through this.
You and I,
we're never gonna happen.
That's right.
I'm not your type, am I?
Rich and powerful.
Guess what,
I'm both now.
What is that
supposed to mean?
I never used the camera
for financial gain.
What camera?
Until I met you.
You know what,
I have to go.
I'm finally
wealthy enough now
to have the most beautiful
woman in the world.
You'll never have
that much money.
Don't you understand?
Everything I did was for you,
for us to be together.
Just let go of me.
Let go of me.
Hey!
You've had Man Ray's camera
for a long time,
haven't you?
In fact,
you actually knew Manny.
I modeled for him
when I was 22 years old.
He gave me that camera.
I kept it all these years.
And that's
how you discovered
its restorative properties,
Hmm?
And the first person
that it turned young
was you.
I look pretty good for 98.
And how many innocent lives
did your vitality cost?
I would imagine
you double exposed my image
with your friend's.
You've been young long enough.
Back again.
Excuse me.
Oh.
Are you okay?
Well, yeah.
Thanks to you guys.
Well, you know,
it's in my contract,
if my partner turns
into a senior citizen
and I don't do
anything about it,
it's, like, six vacation days,
so I didn't really--
yeah.
It was all about the vacation.
Yeah.
I'm so glad to see you
looking like the old you.
I mean, the young old you,
not the old, old you--
come on, gramps, you're having
one of your mini strokes again.
You are aware
that I'm your boss, right?
You know that?
Yes, crabby, come on.
Um, Pete.
Yes?
You know,
I just want to say thank you.
You're welcome.
Not--not--not for--
for what you said
before the show.
Right, we don't have
to ever mention that again.
But remember you said
that I--
la, la, la.
Can't hear--
I think that we should--
warning! Warning!
Danger, Will Robinson.
Okay.
No cream.
Why are we doing this?
You don't see enough of me?
Sit down.
I owe you an apology.
You owe me lots of apologies.
Which one's nagging
at you right now?
The one about Todd.
Not a big deal.
Yeah, it is.
It doesn't matter.
It does matter,
because he's really
a good kid,
and I should be able to help.
You didn't make me
a train wreck.
You are not a train wreck,
Claudia.
I just sometimes forget
that underneath the talented
computer programmer
and fearless
junior Warehouse Agent
there beats the heart
of a teenage girl
who deserves, well,
someone better than me
for a...
Uh...
Father figure?
Oh, my God.
You're not doing so bad.
Well, I--
I could do a little better.
I'll do--
you know, I can do better.
Sometimes you are so cute.
Don't do that.
I hate that word.
Don't use that word, cute.
I'm not cute.
Well, I am relieved.
When you said,
"meet me at the diner,"
I thought you'd arranged
some lame meet
with me and Todd.
Um, Todd.
What a remarkable coincidence.
Hey.
I don't know
if I mentioned this before,
but I really like chili.
Artie, get out.
Yes, leaving.
Ahem.
-- sync, corrected by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.Com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org